MTM-66571 - Add change log re inventory bulk operations (#4625)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-2026-128-0-new-inventory-bulk-endpoint.md

---

> date: '2026-04-27'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 
```

Reviewer: The date will be added automatically on deployment.

title: New REST endpoints for inventory bulk create and update operations
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-JlFdtOPva
    label: REST API
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-62754
version: 2026.131.0
---

> {{< product-c8y-iot >}} now provides new REST API endpoints for bulk creation and updating of inventory managed objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< product-c8y-iot >}} now provides new REST API endpoints for creating and updating inventory managed objects in bulk.
```
